#  This is manual page in Perl POD format. Read more at
#  http://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod.html or run command:
#
#     perldoc perlpod | less
#
#  To check the syntax:
#
#     podchecker *.pod
#
#  Create manual page with command:
#
#    pod2man PAGE.N.pod > PAGE.N

=pod

=head1 NAME

topformflat - heuristic minimizer of interesting files

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  topformflat [options] [threshold] < input.c   > output.c

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-help>

Print short help.

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Topformflat is a filter written by Scott McPeak that will print its
input with the line granularity matching a specified nesting depth. It
is useful for making the granularity of an input file start of very
coarse for the first runs of delta and then gradually increasing it.
Multidelta will run topformflat for you with a given nesting depth if
you ask for it on the command line.

The THRESHOLD (default: 0) specifies at what nesting level of braces
will line breaks be allowed (or inserted). By starting with 0, you get
all top-level forms, one per line (roughly). Increasing the threshold
leads to finer-grained structure on each line. The intent is to use
the delta minimizer on each level of granularity.

For documentation, see /usr/share/doc/delta/using_delta.html

Topformflat is part of the Delta programs assist you in minimizing
"interesting" files, subject to a test f their interestingness. A
common such situation is when attempting o isolate a small
failure-inducing substring of a large input that causes your program
to demonstrate a bug.

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

None.

=head1 FILES

None.

=head1 SEE ALSO

delta(1)
multidelta(1)
singledelta(1)
topformflat(1)

=head1 AUTHORS

This manual page was created by Jari Aalto <jari.aalto@cante.net>
because the original package did not include one. Copyright (C) 2012
Jari Aalto; Licensed under GPL v2 or later.

=cut
